Add docs and release notes for 2.5.0 release #435 (#436)
enonic/cli-enonic: docs/install.adoc

= Installing Enonic CLI

The CLI is available for Mac, Linux and Windows.

> To install the CLI on your local device, visit our https://enonic.com/downloads[downloads page] or follow the instructions below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the CLI on your local device, visit our https://developer.enonic.com/start[Quickstart page] or follow the instructions below
```

== NPM

> If you have npm installed on any operating system:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have npm installed, run the following command in your terminal:
```
